Xiaoshuang, how much did you say just now?
The 1 million in this box
You little brat
Don't say you bet on 1 million
Even if you bet 10 million
I won't spend a penny of your gambling money
Mom, you misunderstood.
I didn't gamble the money
I helped my sister make money in the stock market
If you don't believe me, ask her.
It's Auntie, I'm here, Mom.
You can't blame it all together.
It's my own illness that's holding you back
Put you in so much debt
Xiaoyan
It's our family that's sorry for your parents
Marry into our family
Never had a comfortable day
You have to earn money to support your family and raise your children
Marry into our family
You're in a fire pit
Mom, we won't mention the past
I believe it will get better and better in the future.
Mom Xiaoyan is right
I will try my best in the future.
Will definitely make you live a happier life
Son's mother doesn't expect you to be rich
I just hope you can be an upright man
Can be looked up to
And you know what?
I see, Mom.
Mom last life
I thought I was in gambling debt
I'm afraid you'll throw it in
In this life, I will make all the relatives who laugh at you
They all look up to your family to be rich
I don't want the money today.
We're staying here
Walk around his second aunt and second uncle
You also came to see Xiaoyan, right?
Who sees the sick children in your house? Pay back the money.